[GEORGE'S FATHER] We've
officially come to an agreement.
Effective on the 10th
of next month.
I see. I'm sorry, boss.
Heh. The boss, huh?
You won't have to call me
that for much longer.
[SUBORDINATE A]
The Desmond Group, they--
This is just how it is.
You can't fight the times.
Our business had become like a
candle flickering in the wind.
Though I wish I knew
what to tell my son.
How am I supposed to break
the news that in a few weeks
our Glooman Pharmaceuticals
will be no more?
[bell tolling]
[BECKY sighs]
[BECKY] Everything feels
so calm and peaceful
after those midterms.
It does.
And Papa is peaceful since
I didn't get any Tonitrus Bolts.
Oh. I thought my Loid
would always be sweet,
but what's he really like?
A monster.
[ANYA]
About his mission.
I mean, a per-fec-tronist.
I feel you.
I guess it can be pretty rough
when your parents'
expectations are so high.
Though... Monster-man Loid
still sounds dreamy to me!
[DAMIAN]
Desmond-Style... Rolling...
...Sweep!
[BOTH coughing]
Heh.
[EMILE] Way to sweep away
the trash, boss man!
You're really cleaning
things up around here.
[SARA]
Wow, Damian.
You're like the master
of the broom, too!
So much spinning!
Well, what do you expect?
He did get a Stella after all.
Heh. You're right about that.
[JESSE] Hey, why don't we
have a study session
at your place next time so you
can teach us a few things?
Yeah, I think that's
an amazing idea!
Just look at all those
dummies kissing up to him.
He may have done well
on the midterms,
but he's still a big-time jerk.
I would definitely like to study
at Second Son's house.
[BECKY]
Yeah, I almost forgot
that you kinda have
a thing for him.
I have a what kind of thing?
[BECKY] I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have called him a big jerk.
[GEORGE]
I hate him.
I can't wait till
you can check out
my Fire Strong Axel Final Strong
Dustpan Super Move...
[GEORGE] I will never
forgive you, Desmond.
I'll hate you for
as long as I live.
[GEORGE] I've brought you
a dustpan, Damian.
Oh, great, thanks.
Who is that guy there?
[BECKY]
Hm? You mean George?
That's George Glooman.
He's one of our classmates.
[GEORGE] I don't understand.
How'd he get a Stella?
How did my plan fail?
I mean, I specifically had
my butler hire a master spy
to change all his test
answers so he'd fail them.
[GEORGE] I want you to hire
the best spy you can get
for three months' worth
of allowance, you got that?
Yes, sir. As you wish.
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA] One of our classmates
is a real spy boss?
That must've been the guy
that Papa out spied.
Hey.
I wanna know what you actually
like about Damian anyway.
I'm curious about the other guy.
What's his deal?
Huh?
Oh, wow, I guess you're just
boy crazy in general,
aren't you, Anya?
I wouldn't bother with
him, he's... gloomy.
[GEORGE]
I can't give up already.
I'll find a way to
get him expelled.
[ANYA] He's trying to get Second
Son kicked outta school?
[GEORGE]
This should do the trick.
Hold on.
Looks like a cigarette butt.
Wow, Damian.
I thought you knew better.
Huh? I've never smoked
in my entire life.
Professor! Can you
please come here?
[DAMIAN]
Hey, stop it, would ya?
That thing isn't mine!
[GEORGE yells]
What's the matter with you?
[TEACHER A]
Explain yourselves!
I found a cigarette butt,
and when I tried to tell you,
Damian ran up and
sucker punched me.
What?
Is this true?
If you've done what Young
Master Glooman claims,
you're in serious trouble.
Lord Damian would never
sucker punch somebody, sir!
That George Glooman
is a filthy liar!
[TEACHER A] You two are
his little flunkies,
so I can't trust your version
of the facts on this.
[EMILE, EWEN gasp]
The Second Son wouldn't do that.
I saw the whole thing.
That boy threw himself down.
[gasps]
[TEACHER A]
Uh, what in the world?
It's like this girl can see
right through everyone.
And on top of that,
she's the one
who received a Tonitrus Bolt
during orientation!
Thirty-years in the teaching
field and my intuition
are both telling me
this girl is bad news.
Uh. Stop this horseplay
and leave me be!
You've got cleaning
to do. Honestly.
Why'd you--?
Heh.
I'm not gonna let you get
expelled while I'm watching.
[ANYA]
It'll mess up Plan B.
You were so unbelievably
cool, Anya!
I couldn't help but
let out a big squee!
A squee?
I'm positive Damian knows
how you feel now. Yeah?
Hey! Stop staring at me!
The heck are you talkin' about?
No one asked you to help!
I coulda handled it myself!
He's right! Why did you
have to get in the way?
Uh.
Wait, what?
Hold on. I've got a
problem with you, too!
Who you think you are?
And why do you wanna
get me in trouble?
Because it's all over.
My whole life is over!
Huh?
Your family's company
went bankrupt?
That's right. Today, officially.
Well, sorry to hear
that, I guess?
But all of that doesn't have
anything to do with me.
It was your family's company.
You pushed us over the edge.
What?
Yes, that's right.
I remember hearing
something about
the Desmond Group and
Glooman Pharmaceuticals
on the news recently.
[GEORGE] I thought that
if you failed the exams
and gotten expelled
from school altogether,
then maybe your family
would be too freaked out
to bother crushing us.
"Crushing" you?
That is not the way my family
does business, understand?
And besides, it's not
like I'm the one
who's making those decisions.
He's right. You'd better
leave him outta this!
I suppose that you have a point.
But still, I'm gonna be forced
to drop out of school
all because of these adults.
[DAMIAN]
Wait, you're dropping out?
[GEORGE] If I can't stop the
company from going bankrupt,
my family will lose it.
We'll be flat broke afterwards.
And that means I won't be
able to keep going here.
Heh. To be honest,
I actually envy you, Damian.
You're a popular kid
from a prominent family.
Of course you'd get
all the Stellas.
A piece of garbage like me
never really had a chance.
Hey! Lord Damian got his Stella
because he deserved it!
Not because of his family!
That's true!
Maybe you'd be popular too if
you weren't such a gloomy loser.
That's the reason why
nobody likes you!
[GEORGE]
Uh.
Come on.
His flunkies are jerks, too.
Just shut up, all of you!
No one could ever understand the
kind of stuff I'm going through!
My dream was to spend
the few spring-time years of my
life at this amazing school!
But that won't happen now,
so that means my dream is over!
If I'm dropping out after this,
why am I even bothering with
cleaning the stupid courtyard?
But I guess it's kind of
poetic in a way, isn't it?
Garbage like me deserves to
take care of the other garbage.
Listen, nobody thinks
that about you, okay?
So calm down.
Why me? Why does
the world hate me?
Cheer up. It's not that bad.
How about I buy you
some juice or something?
[GEORGE grunts]
Um. Guess that won't
really help. Sorry.
[GEORGE]
I'd love a drink right now.
[DAMIAN]
Huh?
[GEORGE]
It'll help.
Since today's gonna be
my last day at school,
I should accept it
while I still can.
So should I grab something?
Uh, sure.
Thank you.
I feel a tiny bit better.
That's good.
[GEORGE gasps]
[GEORGE]
Although...
I never got to order
the deluxe caviar bowl.
I always wanted to get
that from the cafeteria.
And now, it's looking like
it'll just be another
one of those regrets
that eats away at my soul
for the rest of my life.
That was so good,
but I've always wanted to
know what it feels like
to wear a Stella Star.
Will someone lend me theirs?
[DAMIAN grumbles]
Well, you see,
I had been working myself half
to death trying to earn one.
But I couldn't concentrate
on my studies
after hearing about
the bankruptcy.
And it was wrong,
but I put all my energy into
getting revenge on Damian.
What a fool I've been.
Woo-hoo! Somebody please
take a picture of me!
Give it right back.
And what I'd like next...
Listen up, kid,
you're pressing your luck!
Around this time next month,
my family probably won't
have a dalc to our name.
Before you know it,
I'm pretty sure I'll get
trafficked into Westalis
and end up being sold
on the black market.
I'll spend the rest of my life
being somebody's
sad little slave.
Woe is me.
Can I at least enjoy these last
few moments of happiness
before a lifetime of sorrow?
Or am I so worthless,
I don't deserve that, too?
[GEORGE gasps]
Don't worry. The West
isn't such a bad place.
[ANYA] Papa and his boss
lady are both nice.
[GEORGE] She doesn't know
a thing about Westalis.
Is she trying to console me?
Everyone's being so nice.
No one's ever treated
me like this before.
Hold on. Why is this salty water
pouring out of my eyes?
[GIRL A]
George.
[GEORGE] Can I please just
ask for just one more thing?
I was really looking forward
to the choral performance
at the end of the school year.
That was gonna be my chance
to connect to you
all through song.
No, never mind.
I'm asking too much.
[ALL]
So... what does he want?
[singing]
Uh, Becky, for real?
[BECKY, DAMIAN singing]
[ALL singing]
You guys.
[GEORGE]
Thank you all so much.
I will treasure this memory
for the rest of my life.
[DAMIAN]
Hey, George.
Here, take these.
My own personal stationery.
They're not cheap.
But even if you have
to leave school,
you won't have to
forget about us.
Damian, I--
Everyone's here.
[GIRL B] George, I'll let you
have my favorite book.
And you can have my watch.
[GIRL B]
Please, take good care of it.
I found this leaf on
the side of the road
that you can have, too.
[BOY A] We wish you the best
of luck at your new school.
[SARA] The kids from Class Three
will always be together!
[GEORGE]
Thank you. I'll do my very best!
I'll turn this pain in
my heart into strength.
And even though my life is full
of sorrow and hardships,
I promise I'll never give up!
[GEORGE]
Goodbye, my friends.
Goodbye, my beloved Eden!
And then he walked away.
[YOR]
Such a beautiful story!
Yes, indeed.
Although Glooman Pharmaceuticals
isn't going bankrupt.
They just got bought out.
[GEORGE]
What?
We were close to going under,
but the Desmond Group
swooped in and saved us.
The leadership will change,
but I was given an assurance
there would be a place for me
and the entire R&D team.
Honestly, I've been
pleasantly surprised
with how Desmond
has handled this.
I won't be the CEO,
and it won't be called
Glooman anymore.
I've had the hardest time
trying to figure out
exactly how to break
the news to you.
[GEORGE] So, wait, I won't have
to live as a slave in Westalis?
And what about school?
[GEORGE'S FATHER]
Huh? What the devil do you mean?
And of course you'll go to
school every day like normal.
Now don't you have
homework to do?
[KIDS whispering]
I thought he quit.
Why is he here?
Listen, Gloomy. You better
give us all our stuff back.
[GEORGE gasps]
You owe me some juice, kid.
[knocking]
Anya, you need to get up,
or you'll be late for school.
Your breakfast is all ready,
so go wash up and get changed.
[ANYA]
Okey-dokey.
Uh-oh! I slept too late!
[ANYA] The day hasn't started
and I'm already...
[TWILIGHT] You know better than
to talk with your mouth full.
[TWILIGHT sighs]
If you wantna stay
out of trouble,
show up on time and
bring what you need.
Eight Tonitrus Bolts and
you're out, so be careful.
Uh, wow. The school's so strict.
Thank goodness she
made it in time.
Well, I should be heading
over to the hospital now.
Leaving soon?
I have a half day today,
so I don't have to be at City
Hall until after noon.
Maybe you'll be able
to relax this morning.
I'll be on my way.
[YOR] Have a great day.
We'll see you back at home.
[door opens]
[chuckles]
Looks like Mister Bond got to
sleep in a little this morning.
Hang on.
Sorry, don't want to intrude.
[YOR] Oh, no!
She forgot her gym clothes!
[HENDERSON]
Anya Forger!
For your crime of forgetting,
you shall be expelled!
[screams]
[YOR]
No! Anya! Wait!
Please don't go!
Poor Loid will be so sad!
[BOND barks]
[YOR gasps]
[YOR] I can't afford
to waste any time.
I have to get this
to Anya, ASAP!
[YOR]
Uh, the bus stop's right here.
But since it's not a school bus,
I'll have to make a
transfer somewhere.
Wait. What's faster?
The trolley or the bus?
Ugh. This is impossible.
Ah! I'm running out of time!
I have to make it there
before her gym class!
What should I do?
[gasps]
[YOR]
Hup!
[sighs]
[YOR]
Excuse me! Beg your pardon.
[YOR] I'm coming as fast
as I can, Anya!
[bell tolling]
[YOR] Okay, I made it. I wonder
where Anya is right now.
She does switch rooms
between classes,
so that makes it a
bit more difficult.
[TWILIGHT] If you wanna
stay out of trouble,
show up on time and
bring what you need.
Eight Tonitrus Bolts
and you're out.
[YOR]
That's right!
I can't let them know
that she didn't have
what she needed for
school this morning.
So that means I can't ask
anyone where she is.
I'll just have to
find her on my own!
[YOR gasps]
I think it turned
out really good!
Maybe I'll show my mom
when I get home.
Hey, did you hear?
Apparently, there's a
ghost up in Tower B
called "The Mysterious
Spider Woman"
Stupid. You know that stuff's
not real. No way.
Ah! It's the Spider Woman!
[YOR] I can't draw any
attention to myself.
Hmm... I don't wanna get
kicked out for trespassing.
I know! Maybe I could
wear a disguise.
I can look for her without
worrying about being caught.
[KIDS]
Ma'am!
[KIDS chattering]
[YOR]
Well, I, uh...
[YOR] Bad idea. There's
gotta be another way.
[cow moos]
[YOR]
Oh! I remember these guys.
They were there during
the entrance exam.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[YOR] Oh, no! Somebody's
gonna see me here!
That's Yor! What's
she doing here?
Did she follow me here
because she figured out
that I was only using work as a
cover to infiltrate the school?
No, that can't be it.
Hm? Looks like she's
holding something.
[bell tolling]
[YOR]
Anya, where could she be?
I don't see her.
Oh, there you are!
[ANYA]
Mama!
Shh! Quiet.
You're here, Anya.
Oh, I'm so relieved.
I found you. Silly,
seems you forgot this.
[gasps]
Something the matter?
I got here before you had
gym class today, didn't I?
[ANYA]
Hmm...
[YOR]
What's that look about, Anya?
Well, we don't have gym
class today. So...
...I didn't need to bring
my gym clothes.
[YOR screams]
[YOR]
Oh, no.
That was a waste of time.
But at least she didn't
actually forget anything.
[TWILIGHT]
Yor!
Uh, Loid, it's you.
I thought you had gone
to the hospital.
[TWILIGHT]
I did. For a little bit.
But then I had to make a house
call on a patient of mine.
What are you doing out
and about anyway?
Well, actually...
I see now.
You were worried Anya
had forgotten something.
That's very thoughtful of you.
[TWILIGHT] I was wondering
what was going on,
but I guess I didn't need to
actually run into her to check.
[YOR]
No.
Truth is, I was just wrong,
and I ended up wasting
a bunch of time.
I mean, if I'd checked her
schedule, I'd've seen--
I'm a bad mom.
[TWILIGHT]
That's not true!
[TWILIGHT] If she gets
too upset about this,
it'll affect the mission.
[TWILIGHT]
I know.
Before I go back to work,
I was thinking of maybe
grabbing a bite somewhere.
So what do you say?
Care to join me for lunch?
Yeah!
[TWILIGHT]
There's actually a place nearby
that has a wonderful menu.
[YOR]
Great, I'm hungry.
[inaudible]